**LightCash Technology Innovation**
----------------

LightCash focuses on the development, implementation and landing of blockchain applications. In order to quickly build a blockchain-based payment ecosystem, the LightCash blockchain unified payment platform uses LPN solutions to implement the underlying service interface of blockchain applications. The existing cryptocurrency payments are received via LPN on the blockchain to form a set of replicable and scalable blockchain payment ecological landing solutions through practical project practice. It also provides blockchain application service (BaaS) one-stop payment solutions. 
 
**1. LCASH Payment Network (LPN)**
-----------
LPN is essentially a public network capable of carrying any main chain (such as Bitcoin and Ethereum). Each LPN node is called a LPNE (LIGHTCASHMENT NET ELEMENT) network element and can be connected to one or more backbone nodes. Deployed together, the LPNE network's smart contract program allows access to the underlying APIs of the main chain, enabling chain functions such as asset locking, asset unlocking, asset verification, and asset transactions. Its characteristics are based on the security and stability of the main chain network. It enhances the efficiency of the main chain payment transaction processing through the side chain approach. It also greatly reduces the cost of multi-frequency trading. The original independent main chain can freely exchange and circulate information and assets with other main chains through the external chain. 
 
**1.1 Features of LPNE Network Elements**

The characteristics of LPNE network elements are based on the security and stability of the main chain network, and improve the efficiency of the main chain payment transaction processing through the external chain method, greatly reducing the cost of multi-frequency transaction, and at the same time through the external chain, so that the original independent main chain can freely exchange and circulate information and assets with other main chains. 
                  
**1.2 LPNE Network Element Format**

LPNE network elements will be divided into two forms: 

⚫ All-block nodes: Synchronize all blocks to provide power for the network. 
⚫ Light node: Synchronize only the block header information related to itself, which is mainly used for mobile applications. 

The operation of the whole node will generate a credit according to the credit mechanism. When the credit score is greater than a certain value, the whole node can be selected as a notary. 
                  
**1.3 Four Payment Modes of LPN**

The core idea of the payment transaction on the LPN network is to separate the transaction information and settlement processing of the digital currency on the main chain. It mainly supports the following four payment scenarios: 

➢   Receiving payment 
➢   Mixed payment 
➢   Contract payment 
➢  Exchange payment 
 
Around these four payment modes, application scenarios including digital currency store receipts, digital asset exchanges, and international cross-border payment can be implemented. 
 
**1.4  Payment Process of LPN**

The common payment process of the LPN network can be simply understood as recharging, payment, bookkeeping, and settlement. 

(1) Recharging: The user transfers the digital currency in the main chain to a main chain address generated by the LPN network smart contract. This address is multi-signed by the notary on the LPN network to ensure the locked state of the main chain currency. After the top-up asset is credited to the main chain address, it will include the equal amount of the anchored asset currency in the user account. The main chain asset is actually locked on the main chain network, and the private key is encrypted with multiple signatures. The entire process is completed automatically by smart contracts and is completely decentralized. 

(2)  Payment: The payment process on the LPN network is actually the payment process of the anchored asset in the user's account. Since the entire payment process does not actually occur on the main chain, the transaction is fast and free. 

(3)  Bookkeeping: Payment transactions will be recorded on the LPN network in the form of orders. This information includes the identification information of the parties and the flow of assets. 

(4)  Settlement: The essence of settlement is the process of extracting the digital currency to the user's own main chain address. LPN will initiate the final settlement of the main chain through a smart contract. The node participating in multi-signature will confirm the legality of the settlement. It will eventually unlock the actual assets of the main chain and thus transfer it to the user's main chain address. 
 
**2. Cross-chain Communication Technology**
-----------
**2.1 Mainstream Cross-chain Mechanism**

Currently, there are three main cross-chain methods in the blockchain industry: 

➢ Notary schemes 
Through the introduction of an intermediary credible person is the basis for trust between the parties to the transaction. The credible person is generally a centralized trusted organization or a witness who participates in multiple signatures. 

➢ Sidechains/relays 
The intermediate chain serves as a channel between different blockchains. It supports SPV (Simple Payment Verification) and can read the events and status of the main chain. It can verify the transaction status by checking the header and merkle tree information on the main chain block. 

➢ Hash-locking 
Hash locking is originated from the Bitcoin Lightning Network. Its essential feature is the HTLC (Hashed Time Lock Contract). It establishes the mechanism for channel exchange payment by locking the hash value for a certain period of time. 
 
**2.2 LPN Cross-chain Communication Solution**

The LPN network uses the "notary schemes + sidechains" hybrid approach to implement the cross-chain plan. The intelligent contract defines the anchor asset for the main chain. When the main chain currency recharging and settlement services take place, the smart contract is used to obtain the corresponding value. The block information of the main chain is used to verify the legitimacy of the main chain transaction. It will update the corresponding transaction and asset status on the LPN network. Throughout the process, the user needs to select the trusted N nodes in the network as notaries, and the notary will serve as a trusted party in the process of multi-signature and credit guarantees on condition that two-thirds of the notaries confirm their legality. The transaction behavior can be submitted to the main chain. The basis for becoming a notary is the credit score of the node. The credit score can be obtained in different ways including asset pledge, payment process participation, participation time in multi-signatures and notary rating. The notary will gain the relevant rewards according to the actual rules after participating in the process of multi-signatures, payment and exchange.  
 
**3 Account System**
-----------
The LPN network creates a unique account index for each user. All the main chain assets will be mapped to the relevant asset information in the account. These assets are signed by the user's private key and recorded in the smart contract, and can be linked to the user's main chain. The account and the main chain information will be synchronized. The user's digital identity is recorded in the account system and the billing information of the block.  
 
**4 Exchange Network**
-----------
Exchange business can be simply fulfilled on this basis. 

For example, if user A needs to convert digital currency A1 to B1. The user will need to initiate a contract order by calling a simple time lock protocol of the smart contract, record the currency type and quantity of the exchange, and simultaneously lock the digital currency A1 of the A account with the same amount. The contract order information will be broadcast to the entire network. When user B is willing to use B1 to exchange A1, a request for exchange will be initiated. At this time, the smart contract will be executed automatically. After deducting B1 from the B account, the A1 will be increased, and the A1 in the A account will be deducted and the B1 will be increased. If the time limit for this contract is still not accepted, the time-out process will be triggered based on the timestamp information in the contract. As a result, A's A1 will be returned. 
 
**5 Mixed Payment**
-----------
Thanks to the introduction of the notary mechanism, the notary can be fully trusted in the entire LPN network to perform its duties. The following payment scenarios can be pictured: 

1) Consumers pay digital currency and merchants receive digital currency. 

2) Consumers pay digital currency, notaries accept digital currency, notaries pay for legal currency, and merchants receive money in legal currency. 

3) Consumers pay for digital currency A, convert to digital currency for exchange B, notaries receive digital currency B, notaries pay for legal currency, and merchant receive money in legal currency. 

4) Consumers pay digital currency + legal currency, merchants receive digital currency + legal currency.  

5) Consumers pay digital currency + legal currency, notaries accept digital currency, notaries pay for legal currency, and merchant receive money in legal currency. 
                  
**6 Digital Integral System**
-----------
Users can publish their own digital assets on the LPN network. These assets can be used in specific application scenarios, such as mall vouchers, game points, and membership points if they are not connected to the main chain/public chain. The built-in payment attributes in LPN networks can well manage and operate these digital assets. These assets can also be mapped and exchanged with the main chain value once connected to the main chain.  



